on Christmas Wars are
buried noat Tori hums along this
traditional Christmas Carol in the
Lutheran Church in Bethlehem but her
sister Elaine was buried under the
rubble she was taking refuge in the
Greek Orthodox Church gaza's oldest
Christian
establishment and the church was hit in
an Israeli bombing on October the
19th my brothers went to Latin church
but two sisters went to the Greek
Orthodox Church the first shelling was
to the Greek Orthodox immediately not as
we as they said around it no immediately
she was under the the sand and they were
looking for her and she stayed 4 hours
under the sand
buried her brother FR didn't make it
Noah says he needed an urgent medical
operation but he could not get to a
hospital NOA comes to church to find
Solace she gets support from the
community even from those she doesn't
know a delegation of church leaders
around the world traveled to the
occupied West Bank to express their
sympathy and
solidarity God will not leave us alone
so it's not easy for me to accept this
because all my family are there not easy
and I'm not able even to go anywhere
born and raised in Gaza NOA married a
Palestinian from the occupied West Bank
both her and her family need Israeli
military permits to visit one another
last time she was allowed into Gaza was
6 years ago but Elaine was able to come
to the occupied West Bank NOA shows us
how they stood in front of the Christmas
tree in Bethlehem a few years ago now
NOA has one brother one injured sister
many cousins
and family members in Gaza it's been a
week since she last heard from them I
don't accept myself to celebrate
Christmas while my family are facing
hell on Earth Palestinians take pride
that Bethlehem is considered the capital
of Christmas every year a big tree is
lit up to welcome pilgrims and tourists
from all over the world this year the
lights haven't been turned on there's no
Christmas mystery as Palestinians say
there is nothing to celebrate as you can
see the manger square is empty and the
mood is that of frustration and sadness
but many here say they refuse to give up
on Hope in the middle of the killing
suffering and pain it's the one thing
left for them nid ibraim Al jazer
bethleem the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler